---
layout: work
author: Michael McDermott
title: Content Follows Form
slug: p2
subhead: Project 2
categories: [projects]
excerpt: An investigation into generating the form first. The form of the poster will be created first and then content will be added to it in response to that form.

---

### Description
Often the form of a design responds directly to the content of the design. For this poster we are going to generate form first and then decide what the content could be based on that form. The form will be generated in two different ways. The first will be through abstract photography and the second will be through collage. Both of those form making activities will be through exercise you can find on the [projects]({{ site.baseurl }}/projects/) page.

Once the collages and photographs are created, you will choose a selection of them and come up with content ideas based on their formal and visual aspects. Photographs can be combined together but each collage should remain its own base form. When content is decided, start to use the collages and photographs as elements of the poster. The collages and photographs are just a beginning point and can be edited and remade to better fit the design if necessary.

### Requirements
* 18&#8243;x24&#8243; portrait format
* Your name on poster
* Fall 2021 on the poster
* Up to two typefaces used
* Big type
* Medium type
* Small type
* Uses your abstract photos or collages


### Checkpoints
* September 16: Start
* September 30: Ten photos from e4 and five collages from e5 brought to class. Photos and collages added to Miro.
* October 7: Four digital sketches (two collage, two photographic) done at the correct proportion, printed in color on letter sized paper, and trimmed to size. Drafts added to Miro.
* October 21: One refined draft, tiled in black and white at full size, a color version printed on letter sized paper, both trimmed to size. Draft added to Miro.
* October 28: One final draft, printed or tiled in color at half size and trimmed to size. Draft added to Miro.
* November 4: Due, full size print in color and trimmed.

### PDF Version
[Download]({{ site.baseurl }}/assets/files/AVT419-Poster2-Fall2021.pdf)
