---
layout: work
author: Michael McDermott
title: Type Only
slug: p1
subhead: Project 1
categories: [projects]
excerpt: An investigation into typography as a means of communication and as a formal element in design. The base of the project will be choosing a character to physically construct, then documenting that character through photography and then integrating that image into a poster.

---

### Description
An investigation into typography as a means of communication and as a formal element in design. The poster can only contain type and the image(s) of your physically constructed letter. The content of the poster should relate to your chosen letter.

### Part One: Choose and Build Your Letter
Choose a single letter and generate a list of 20 words that start with your letter. Using your word list as a reference point, pick a typeface ([some foundries with free trial fonts](https://gmu-gd.github.io/classes/type/index.html)) and construct your letter at a minimum of 6 inches tall using the typeface as a guide. Once your letter is constructed take at least five different photographs of it. The photographs should just have your letter in them, no other items.

### Part Two: Design the Poster
Design a poster using at least one of the photographs of your letter and any other text based content you might choose to include. The poster is generally a formal study so pay attention to the basic design principles of alignment, balance, color, contrast, hierarchy, proximity, repetition, space, and so on.

### Requirements
* 18&#8243;x24&#8243; portrait format
* Your name on the poster
* fall 2021 on the posters
* One typeface used
* Big type
* Medium type
* Small type
* Letter photograph(s)

### Checkpoints
* August 26: start
* September 2: at least 5 photographs of your letter model printed on one sheet of tabloid sized paper and 12 layout sketches. images and sketches added to miro.
* September 9: two digital drafts, printed in color (if necessary) on tabloid sized paper (scaled to fit) and trimmed to size. drafts added to miro.
* September 16: one refined draft, tiled in black and white at full size, a color version printed on letter sized paper, both trimmed to size. draft added to miro.
* September 23: one final draft, printed or tiled in color at half size and trimmed to size. draft added to miro.
* September 30: due, full size print in color and trimmed

### PDF Version
[Download]({{ site.baseurl }}/assets/files/AVT419-Poster1-Fall2021.pdf)
