---
layout: work
author: Michael McDermott
title: A Simple Sequence
slug: p1
subhead: Project 1
categories: [projects]
excerpt: Develop a storyboard and visual style for a simple task. This project focuses on the planning process for creating motion and how to take something simple and make it more interesting through the potential of motion.

---

### Description

Working with time is, most likely, a new dimension to consider while designing. Before making things move, we want to make sure we have a plan for that movement. Pick a simple task and thoroughly document that task through photographs. Perform the same task multiple times taking photos from different angles and at different times. Now, translate that documentation into a storyboard and design concept boards for key frames. The storyboard will give you an idea of pacing and narrative while the concept boards will show the visual language of the finished sequence. The fictional, final sequence would have a title slide with the name of the sequence, have around 5&ndash;15 seconds of action, and have ending credits.

The storyboards and concept boards do not need to be a one to one recreation of the task you documented. The task was your starting point and the storyboards and concept boards are where you can start to bring make that task more interesting. If you want to use the documentation photographs in the concept boards they need to be significantly edited and altered. If you are unsure of if you idea will do that, don't use the photographs at all except as reference. The storyboards can introduce different cuts or settings for the task to help build the narrative and the visual direction can influence the mood of the story. Figure out a way to make a mundane task exciting and able to keep the viewers attention.

#### Requirements

* Documentation photographs
* Storyboard
* 5 concept boards (title, three from the middle, end credits)

### Checkpoints
* January 28: Start
* February 4: Documentation and references for two visual directions
* February 11: Initial storyboard and two visual directions
* February 18: Refined storyboard and five concept boards
* February 25: Final photo documentation, storyboard, and concept boards
