---
layout: work
author: Michael McDermott
title: For an Exhibition
slug: p3
subhead: Project 3
categories: [projects]
excerpt: An investigation into creating conceptual connections, instead of literal connections, to an artist and their work. The poster will be for an exhibition of a chosen artist's work but images of the art or the artist cannot be used.

---

### Description
This project is a challenge in creating a poster for an artist without using any images of the artist or of the artist's work. Chose an artist from the list provided&Dagger; and create a poster that has a conceptual connection to that artist's work. The connection should go beyond trying to mimic the visual look of the work and consider mood, emotion, material, execution, etc. The only design restriction is that images of the artist's work, real or created, or images of the artist cannot be used in the design. There is a prompt on the back of this sheet to generate a list of words to help create a concept for the poster.

The poster should include following information — title of exhibition, name of artist, dates of exhibition (November 19, 2021 to February 5, 2022), exhibition venue (Geoson Contemporary Art Museum), location (Fairfax, VA), a few paragraphs about the artist or show (does not have to be original writing but should be relevant), your name, and fall 2021.

&Dagger;It is possible to choose you own artist but it has to be approved.

### Artist List
* ~~Ruth Asawa~~ Madison
* ~~Walead Beshty~~ Dounia
* ~~Mark Bradford~~ Tommy
* ~~Theaster Gates~~ Joe
* ~~Elsi Giauque~~ Jaime
* ~~Olafur Eliasson~~ Maria
* Leslie Hewitt*
* ~~Jenny Holzer~~ Alex
* ~~Anish Kapoor~~ Andrew
* ~~Yayoi Kusama~~ Carson
* Glenn Ligon
* ~~Julie Mehretu~~ Allison
* ~~Takashi Murakami~~ Michelle
* Eddie Opara*
* Dario Robleto*
* Amanda Ross-Ho*
* ~~Cindy Sherman~~ Ashley
* ~~Taryn Simon~~ Kerrigan
* Lorna Simpson
* ~~Do Ho Suh~~ Beverly
* Stephanie Syjuco
* ~~Kara Walker~~ Lanie
* ~~Kehinde Wiley~~ Tatyana
* *Fall Visual Voices speaker

### Requirements
* 24&#8243;x36&#8243; portrait format
* Your name on poster
* Fall 2021 on the poster
* Max of 3 typefaces used
* Title of exhibition
* Venue and location
* Dates of exhibition
* Name of artist
* Descriptive text
* No imagery of artist/artist's work


### Checkpoints
* October 21: Start
* October 28: Initial research & curation document and word list (on the back of the P3 sheet). Document and word list added to Miro.
* November 4: Two different digital drafts, printed in color (if necessary) on tabloid sized paper (scaled to fit) and trimmed to size. Drafts added to Miro.
* November 11: One refined draft, tiled in black and white at full size, a color version printed on letter sized paper, both trimmed to size. Draft added to Miro.
* November 18: One final draft, printed or tiled in color at half size and trimmed to size. Draft added to Miro.
* December 1: Due, full size print in color and trimmed.

### PDF Version
[Download]({{ site.baseurl }}/assets/files/AVT419-Poster3-Fall2021.pdf)
